API Overview  Agora provides ensured quality of experience (QoE) for worldwide Internet-based voice and video communications through SD-RTN™.  Initialization related  Method / Callback   Description  create [1/2]   Creates and initializes   RtcEngine .  create [2/2]   Creates and initializes   RtcEngine .  onEngineReleased   Callback triggered when   RtcEngine   is released.  destroy [1/2]   Releases the   RtcEngine   instance.  onEngineReleased   Callback triggered when   RtcEngine   is released.  Channel related  Method / Callback   Description  setChannelProfile   Sets the channel profile.  joinChannel [1/2]   Joins a channel.  joinChannel [2/2]   Joins a channel with media options.  joinChannelEx   Joins a channel.  updateChannelMediaOptions   Updates the channel media options after joining the channel.  updateChannelMediaOptionsEx   Updates the channel media options after joining the channel.  leaveChannel [1/2]   Leaves a channel.  leaveChannelEx [1/2]   Leaves a channel.  leaveChannel [2/2]   Sets channel options and leaves the channel.  leaveChannelEx [2/2]   Sets channel options and leaves the channel.  preloadChannel   Preloads a channel with   token ,   channelName , and   optionalUid .  preloadChannelWithUserAccount   Preloads a channel with   token ,   channelName , and   userAccount .  updatePreloadChannelToken   Updates the wildcard token for preloading channels.  renewToken   Renews the token.  setClientRole [1/2]   Sets the client role.  setClientRole [2/2]   Sets the user role and the audience latency level in a live streaming scenario.  onJoinChannelSuccess   Occurs when a user joins a channel.  onRejoinChannelSuccess   Occurs when a user rejoins the channel.  onClientRoleChanged   Occurs when the user role or the audience latency level changes.  onClientRoleChangeFailed   Occurs when switching a user role fails.  onLeaveChannel   Occurs when a user leaves a channel.  onUserJoined   Occurs when a remote user (in the communication profile)/ host (in the live streaming profile) joins the channel.  onUserOffline   Occurs when a remote user (in the communication profile)/ host (in the live streaming profile) leaves the channel.  onNetworkTypeChanged   Occurs when the local network type changes.  onUplinkNetworkInfoUpdated   Occurs when the uplink network information changes.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   1/16

Method / Callback   Description  onConnectionLost   Occurs when the SDK cannot reconnect to Agora's edge server 10 seconds after its connection to the server is interrupted.  onConnectionStateChanged   Occurs when the network connection state changes.  onRenewTokenResult   Callback for   renewToken   call result.  onRequestToken   Occurs when the token expires.  onTokenPrivilegeWillExpire   Occurs when the token expires in 30 seconds.  onError   Reports an error during SDK runtime.  Publish and subscription  Method / Callback   Description  muteLocalAudioStream   Stops or resumes publishing the local audio stream.  muteLocalAudioStreamEx   Stops or resumes publishing the local audio stream.  muteRemoteAudioStream   Stops or resumes subscribing to the audio stream of a specified user.  muteRemoteAudioStreamEx   Stops or resumes receiving the audio stream of a specified user.  muteAllRemoteAudioStreams   Stops or resumes subscribing to the audio streams of all remote users.  muteAllRemoteAudioStreamsEx   Stops or resumes subscribing to the audio streams of all remote users.  muteLocalVideoStream   Stops or resumes publishing the local video stream.  muteLocalVideoStreamEx   Stops or resumes publishing the local video stream.  muteRemoteVideoStream   Stops or resumes subscribing to the video stream of a specified user.  muteRemoteVideoStreamEx   Stops or resumes receiving the video stream of a specified user.  muteAllRemoteVideoStreams   Stops or resumes subscribing to the video streams of all remote users.  muteAllRemoteVideoStreamsEx   Stops or resumes subscribing to the video streams of all remote users.  setRemoteVideoSubscriptionOptions   Options for subscribing to remote video streams.  setRemoteVideoSubscriptionOptionsEx   Sets options for subscribing to remote video streams.  setSubscribeAudioBlocklist   Sets the blocklist of subscriptions for audio streams.  setSubscribeAudioBlocklistEx   Sets the blocklist of subscriptions for audio streams.  setSubscribeAudioAllowlist   Sets the allowlist of subscriptions for audio streams.  setSubscribeAudioAllowlistEx   Sets the allowlist of subscriptions for audio streams.  setSubscribeVideoBlocklist   Sets the blocklist of subscriptions for video streams.  setSubscribeVideoBlocklistEx   Sets the blocklist of subscriptions for video streams.  setSubscribeVideoAllowlist   Sets the allowlist of subscriptions for video streams.  setSubscribeVideoAllowlistEx   Sets the allowlist of subscriptions for video streams.  setRemoteVideoStreamType [2/2]   Sets the video stream type to subscribe to.  setRemoteVideoStreamTypeEx [2/2]   Sets the video stream type to subscribe to.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   2/16

Method / Callback   Description  setRemoteDefaultVideoStreamType [2/2]   Sets the default video stream type to subscribe to.  setDualStreamMode [1/2]   Sets the dual-stream mode on the sender side.  setDualStreamMode [2/2]   Sets dual-stream mode configuration on the sender side.  setDualStreamModeEx   Sets the dual-stream mode on the sender side.  onAudioPublishStateChanged   Occurs when the audio publishing state changes.  onAudioSubscribeStateChanged   Occurs when the audio subscribing state changes.  onVideoSubscribeStateChanged   Occurs when the video subscribing state changes.  Audio basic functions  Method / Callback   Description  adjustUserPlaybackSignalVolume   Adjusts the playback signal volume of a specified remote user.  adjustUserPlaybackSignalVolumeEx   Adjusts the playback signal volume of a specified remote user.  adjustPlaybackSignalVolume   Adjusts the playback signal volume of all remote users.  enableAudio   Enables the audio module.  disableAudio   Disables the audio module.  enableAudioVolumeIndication   Enables the reporting of users' volume indication.  enableAudioVolumeIndicationEx   Enables the reporting of users' volume indication.  setAudioProfile [2/2]   Sets the audio profile.  setAudioScenario   Sets the audio scenario.  onAudioVolumeIndication   Reports the volume information of users.  onActiveSpeaker   Occurs when the most active remote speaker is detected.  onLocalAudioStateChanged   Occurs when the local audio stream state changes.  onFirstLocalAudioFramePublished   Occurs when the first audio frame is published.  onFirstRemoteAudioFrame   Occurs when the SDK receives the first audio frame from a specific remote user.  onUserMuteAudio   Occurs when a remote user (in the communication profile) or a host (in the live streaming profile) stops/resumes sending the audio stream.  onRemoteAudioStateChanged   Occurs when the remote audio state changes.  onLocalAudioStats   Reports the statistics of the local audio stream.  onRemoteAudioStats   Reports the transport-layer statistics of each remote audio stream.  Audio capture  Method / Callback   Description  enableLocalAudio   Enables or disables the local audio capture.  adjustRecordingSignalVolume   Adjusts the capturing signal volume.  muteRecordingSignal   Whether to mute the recording signal.  enableInEarMonitoring [1/2]   Enables in-ear monitoring.  enableInEarMonitoring [2/2]   Enables in-ear monitoring.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   3/16

Method / Callback   Description  setInEarMonitoringVolume   Sets the volume of the in-ear monitor.  Audio pre-processing and post-processing  Method / Callback   Description  enableVoiceAITuner   Enables or disables the voice AI tuner.  setAdvancedAudioOptions   Sets audio advanced options.  setAINSMode   Sets whether to enable the AI   noise suppression function and set the noise suppression mode.  setLocalVoiceEqualization   Sets the local voice equalization effect.  setLocalVoicePitch   Changes the voice pitch of the local speaker.  setLocalVoiceReverb   Sets the local voice reverberation.  setVoiceBeautifierPreset   Sets a preset voice beautifier effect.  setVoiceBeautifierParameters   Sets parameters for the preset voice beautifier effects.  setAudioEffectPreset   Sets an SDK preset audio effect.  setAudioEffectParameters   Sets parameters for SDK preset audio effects.  setVoiceConversionPreset   Sets a preset voice beautifier effect.  setLocalVoiceFormant   Sets the formant ratio to change the timbre of human voice.  enableSoundPositionIndication   Enables or disables stereo panning for remote users.  setRemoteVoicePosition   Sets the 2D position (the position on the horizontal plane) of the remote user's voice.  setRemoteVoicePositionEx   Sets the 2D position (the position on the horizontal plane) of the remote user's voice.  create   Creates   ILocalSpatialAudioEngine .  initialize   Initializes   ILocalSpatialAudioEngine .  destroy   Destroys   ILocalSpatialAudioEngine .  updateSelfPosition   Updates the spatial position of the local user.  updateRemotePosition   Updates the spatial position of the specified remote user.  removeRemotePosition   Removes the spatial position of the specified remote user.  clearRemotePositions   Removes the spatial positions of all remote users.  setHeadphoneEQParameters   Sets the low- and high-frequency parameters of the headphone equalizer.  setHeadphoneEQPreset   Sets the preset headphone equalization effect.  startLocalAudioMixer   Starts local audio mixing.  updateLocalAudioMixerConfiguration   Updates the configurations for mixing audio streams locally.  stopLocalAudioMixer   Stops the local audio mixing.  Raw audio data  Method / Callback   Description  registerAudioFrameObserver   Registers an audio frame observer object.  setEarMonitoringAudioFrameParameters   Sets the format of the in-ear monitoring raw audio data.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   4/16

Method / Callback   Description  setRecordingAudioFrameParameters   Sets the format of the captured raw audio data.  setPlaybackAudioFrameBeforeMixingParameters [2/2]   Sets the format of audio data in the  onPlaybackAudioFrameBeforeMixing   callback.  setPlaybackAudioFrameParameters   Sets the format of the raw audio playback data.  setMixedAudioFrameParameters   Sets the format of the raw audio data after mixing for audio capture and playback.  setPlaybackAudioFrameBeforeMixingParameters [1/2]   Sets the format of the raw audio playback data before mixing.  onEarMonitoringAudioFrame   Gets the in-ear monitoring audio frame.  onRecordAudioFrame   Gets the captured audio frame.  onPlaybackAudioFrame   Gets the raw audio frame for playback.  onPlaybackAudioFrameBeforeMixing   Retrieves the audio frame before mixing of subscribed remote users.  onMixedAudioFrame   Retrieves the mixed captured and playback audio frame.  getEarMonitoringAudioParams   Sets the audio format for the   onEarMonitoringAudioFrame   callback.  getObservedAudioFramePosition   Sets the frame position for the video observer.  getRecordAudioParams   Sets the audio format for the   onRecordAudioFrame   callback.  getPlaybackAudioParams   Sets the audio format for the   onPlaybackAudioFrame   callback.  getMixedAudioParams   Sets the audio format for the   onMixedAudioFrame   callback.  Encoded audio data  Method / Callback   Description  registerAudioEncodedFrameObserver   Registers an encoded audio observer.  onRecordAudioEncodedFrame   Gets the encoded audio data of the local user.  onPlaybackAudioEncodedFrame   Gets the encoded audio data of all remote users.  onMixedAudioEncodedFrame   Gets the mixed and encoded audio data of the local and all remote users.  Custom audio capture and renderer  Method / Callback   Description  createCustomAudioTrack   Creates a custom audio track.  destroyCustomAudioTrack   Destroys the specified audio track.  setExternalAudioSink   Sets the external audio sink.  pullPlaybackAudioFrame [1/2]   Pulls the remote audio data.  pullPlaybackAudioFrame [2/2]   Pulls the remote audio data.  pushExternalAudioFrame   Pushes the external audio frame to the SDK.  adjustCustomAudioPlayoutVolume   Adjusts the volume of the custom audio track played locally.  adjustCustomAudioPublishVolume   Adjusts the volume of the custom audio track played remotely.  enableCustomAudioLocalPlayback   Sets whether to enable the local playback of external audio source.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   5/16

Audio spectrum  Method / Callback   Description  registerAudioSpectrumObserver   Registers an audio spectrum observer.  enableAudioSpectrumMonitor   Turns on audio spectrum monitoring.  disableAudioSpectrumMonitor   Disables audio spectrum monitoring.  unregisterAudioSpectrumObserver   Unregisters the audio spectrum observer.  onLocalAudioSpectrum   Gets the statistics of a local audio spectrum.  onRemoteAudioSpectrum   Gets the remote audio spectrum.  Video basic functions  Method / Callback   Description  enableVideo   Enables the video module.  disableVideo   Disables the video module.  setVideoScenario   Sets video application scenarios.  setVideoEncoderConfiguration   Sets the video encoder configuration.  setVideoEncoderConfigurationEx   Sets the video encoder configuration.  startPreview [1/2]   Enables the local video preview.  stopPreview [1/2]   Stops the local video preview.  startPreview [2/2]   Enables the local video preview and specifies the video source for the preview.  stopPreview [2/2]   Stops the local video preview.  onLocalVideoStateChanged   Occurs when the local video stream state changes.  onLocalVideoStats   Reports the statistics of the local video stream.  onFirstLocalVideoFramePublished   Occurs when the first video frame is published.  onVideoPublishStateChanged   Occurs when the video publishing state changes.  onVideoSizeChanged   Occurs when the video size or rotation of a specified user changes.  onRemoteVideoStateChanged   Occurs when the remote video stream state changes.  onRemoteVideoStats   Reports the statistics of the video stream sent by each remote users.  onFirstLocalVideoFrame   Occurs when the first local video frame is displayed on the local video view.  onFirstRemoteVideoFrame   Occurs when the renderer receives the first frame of the remote video.  onFirstRemoteVideoDecoded   Occurs when the first remote video frame is received and decoded.  onUserMuteVideo   Occurs when a remote user stops or resumes publishing the video stream.  onUserEnableVideo   Occurs when a remote user enables or disables the video module.  Video capture  Method / Callback   Description  enableLocalVideo   Enables/Disables the local video capture.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   6/16

Method / Callback   Description  startCameraCapture   Starts camera capture.  stopCameraCapture   Stops camera capture.  Screen Sharing  Method / Callback   Description  queryScreenCaptureCapability   Queries the highest frame rate supported by the device during screen sharing.  setExternalMediaProjection   Configures   MediaProjection   outside of the SDK to capture screen video streams.  startScreenCapture   Starts screen capture.  updateScreenCaptureParameters   Updates the screen capturing parameters.  stopScreenCapture   Stops screen capture.  setScreenCaptureScenario   Sets the screen sharing scenario.  Video pre-processing and post-processing  Method / Callback   Description  takeSnapshot [1/2]   Takes a snapshot of a video stream.  takeSnapshot [2/2]   Takes a screenshot of the video at the specified observation point.  takeSnapshotEx [1/2]   Takes a snapshot of a video stream using connection ID.  takeSnapshotEx [2/2]   Gets a video screenshot of the specified observation point using the connection ID.  enableVirtualBackground [1/2]   Enables/Disables the virtual background.  enableVirtualBackground [2/2]   Enables virtual background and specify the media source, or disables virtual background.  setVideoEffectBoolParam   Sets the boolean parameter for video effects.  setVideoEffectFloatParam   Sets the float parameter for video effects.  setVideoEffectIntParam   Sets an integer parameter for video effects.  startLocalVideoTranscoder   Starts the local video mixing.  stopLocalVideoTranscoder   Stops the local video mixing.  updateLocalTranscoderConfiguration   Updates the local video mixing configuration.  onLocalVideoTranscoderError   Occurs when there's an error during the local video mixing.  enableVideoImageSource   Sets whether to replace the current video feeds with images when publishing video streams.  removeVideoEffect   Removes the video effect with the specified node ID.  removeVideoWatermark   Removes the watermark image from the local video.  removeVideoWatermarkEx   Removes the specified watermark image from the local or remote video stream.  setBeautyEffectOptions [1/2]   Sets the image enhancement options.  setBeautyEffectOptions [2/2]   Sets the image enhancement options and specifies the media source.  setColorEnhanceOptions [1/2]   Sets color enhancement.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   7/16

Method / Callback   Description  setColorEnhanceOptions [2/2]   Sets color enhance options and specifies the media source.  setLowlightEnhanceOptions [1/2]   Sets low-light enhancement.  setLowlightEnhanceOptions [2/2]   Sets low light enhance options and specifies the media source.  setVideoDenoiserOptions [1/2]   Sets video noise reduction.  setVideoDenoiserOptions [2/2]   Sets video noise reduction and specifies the media source.  setFilterEffectOptions [1/2]   Sets the filter effect options and specifies the media source.  setFilterEffectOptions [2/2]   Sets the filter effect options.  getBuffer   Retrieves the buffer of the watermark image.  enableFaceDetection   Enables or disables face detection for the local user.  isVisibleInPreview   Checks whether the watermark is visible in the local video preview.  onFacePositionChanged   Reports the face detection result of the local user.  getFormat   Retrieves the format of the watermark image.  getHeight   Gets the height of the watermark image.  getId   Retrieves the unique ID of the watermark.  getImageUrl   Gets the URL of the watermark image.  getOptions   Retrieves watermark display options.  getPositionInLandscapeMode   Gets the position of the watermark in landscape mode.  getPositionInPortraitMode   Gets the position of the watermark in portrait mode.  getType   Gets the type of the watermark.  getVideoEffectBoolParam   Gets the boolean parameter in video effects.  getVideoEffectFloatParam   Retrieves   float   type parameters in video effects.  getVideoEffectIntParam   Retrieves integer parameters in video effects.  getWidth   Gets the width of the watermark image.  getzOrder   Gets the Z-order index of the watermark image.  createVideoEffectObject   Creates a video effect object.  destroyVideoEffectObject   Destroys a video effect object.  onSnapshotTaken   Reports the result of taking a video snapshot.  addOrUpdateVideoEffect   Adds or updates the video effect for the specified node ID and template.  addVideoWatermark [3/3]   Adds a watermark image to the local video.  addVideoWatermarkEx [2/2]   Adds a watermark image to the local video.  addVideoWatermark [1/3]   Adds a watermark image to the local video.  addVideoWatermark [2/3]   Adds a watermark image to the local video.  addVideoWatermarkEx [1/2]   Adds a watermark image to the local video.  clearVideoWatermarks   Removes the watermark image from the video stream.  clearVideoWatermarkEx   Removes the watermark image from the video stream.  performVideoEffectAction   Performs an action on the specified video effect node.  registerFaceInfoObserver   Registers or unregisters a facial information observer.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   8/16

Method / Callback   Description  onFaceInfo   Occurs when the facial information processed by speech driven extension is received.  Video rendering  Method / Callback   Description  setVideoRenderMode   Sets the render mode of the media player.  setLocalRenderMode [2/2]   Updates the display mode of the local video view.  setRemoteRenderMode   Updates the display mode of the video view of a remote user.  setRemoteRenderModeEx   Sets the video display mode of a specified remote user.  setLocalRenderTargetFps   Sets the maximum frame rate for rendering local video.  setRemoteRenderTargetFps   Sets the maximum frame rate for rendering remote video.  setView   Sets the view.  setupLocalVideo   Initializes the local video view.  setupRemoteVideo   Initializes the video view of a remote user.  setupRemoteVideoEx   Initializes the video view of a remote user.  enableInstantMediaRendering   Enables audio and video frame instant rendering.  startMediaRenderingTracing   Enables tracing the video frame rendering process.  startMediaRenderingTracingEx   Enables tracing the video frame rendering process.  onTranscodedStreamLayoutInfo   Occurs when the local user receives a mixed video stream carrying layout information.  onVideoRenderingTracingResult   Video frame rendering event callback.  Raw video data  Method / Callback   Description  registerVideoFrameObserver   Registers a raw video frame observer object.  onCaptureVideoFrame   Occurs each time the SDK receives a video frame captured by local devices.  onFrame   Occurs each time the player receives a video frame.  onPreEncodeVideoFrame   Occurs each time the SDK receives a video frame before encoding.  onRenderVideoFrame   Occurs each time the SDK receives a video frame sent by the remote user.  getObservedFramePosition   Sets the frame position for the video observer.  getVideoFrameProcessMode   Occurs each time the SDK receives a video frame and prompts you to set the process mode of the video frame.  getMirrorApplied   Occurs each time the SDK receives a video frame and prompts you whether or not to mirror the captured video.  getRotationApplied   Occurs each time the SDK receives a video frame, and prompts you whether to rotate the captured video.  getVideoFormatPreference   Sets the format of the raw video data output by the SDK.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   9/16

Encoded video data  Method / Callback   Description  registerVideoEncodedFrameObserver   Registers a receiver object for the encoded video image.  onEncodedVideoFrameReceived   Reports that the receiver has received the to-be-decoded video frame sent by the remote end.  Custom Video Source and Renderer  Method / Callback   Description  createCustomVideoTrack   Creates a custom video track.  destroyCustomVideoTrack   Destroys the specified video track.  setExternalVideoSource   Configures the external video source.  setExternalRemoteEglContext   Sets the EGL context for rendering remote video streams.  pushExternalVideoFrameById [2/2]   Pushes the external raw video frame to the SDK through video tracks.  pushExternalVideoFrame [2/2]   Pushes the external raw video frame to the SDK.  Music file playback  Method / Callback   Description  startAudioMixing [1/2]   Starts playing the music file.  startAudioMixing [2/2]   Starts playing the music file.  stopAudioMixing   Stops playing the music file.  pauseAudioMixing   Pauses playing and mixing the music file.  resumeAudioMixing   Resumes playing and mixing the music file.  adjustAudioMixingVolume   Adjusts the volume during audio mixing.  adjustAudioMixingPlayoutVolume   Adjusts the volume of audio mixing for local playback.  adjustAudioMixingPublishVolume   Adjusts the volume of audio mixing for publishing.  getAudioMixingPlayoutVolume   Retrieves the audio mixing volume for local playback.  getAudioMixingPublishVolume   Retrieves the audio mixing volume for publishing.  setAudioMixingPlaybackSpeed   Sets the playback speed of the current audio file.  getAudioMixingDuration   Retrieves the duration (ms) of the music file.  getAudioMixingCurrentPosition   Retrieves the playback position (ms) of the music file.  setAudioMixingPitch   Sets the pitch of the local music file.  setAudioMixingPosition   Sets the audio mixing position.  setAudioMixingDualMonoMode   Sets the channel mode of the current audio file.  getAudioTrackCount   Gets the index of audio tracks of the current music file.  selectAudioTrack   Selects the audio track used during playback.  selectMultiAudioTrack   Selects the audio tracks that you want to play on your local device and publish to the channel respectively.  onAudioMixingStateChanged   Occurs when the playback state of the music file changes.  onAudioMixingPositionChanged   Reports the playback progress of a music file.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   10/16

Audio effect file playback  Method / Callback   Description  getAudioEffectManager   Gets the   IAudioEffectManager   class to manage the audio effect files.  getEffectsVolume   Retrieves the volume of the audio effects.  setEffectsVolume   Sets the volume of the audio effects.  getVolumeOfEffect   Gets the volume of a specified audio effect file.  setVolumeOfEffect   Gets the volume of a specified audio effect file.  playEffectEx [1/2]   Plays a specified sound effect in a channel.  playEffectEx [2/2]   Plays a specified sound effect in the channel.  preloadEffect   Preloads a specified audio effect file into the memory.  playEffect [1/2]   Plays the specified local or online audio effect file.  playEffect [2/2]   Plays the specified local or online audio effect file.  pauseEffect   Pauses a specified audio effect file.  pauseAllEffects   Pauses all audio effects.  resumeEffect   Resumes playing a specified audio effect.  preloadEffectEx [1/2]   Preloads a specified sound effect to a channel.  preloadEffectEx [2/2]   Preloads a specified sound effect to the channel.  resumeAllEffects   Resumes playing all audio effect files.  stopEffect   Stops playing a specified audio effect.  stopAllEffects   Stops playing all audio effects.  unloadEffect   Releases a specified preloaded audio effect from the memory.  getEffectDuration   Retrieves the duration of the audio effect file.  getEffectCurrentPosition   Retrieves the playback position of the audio effect file.  setEffectPosition   Sets the playback position of an audio effect file.  onAudioEffectFinished   Occurs when the playback of the local music file finishes.  Virtual metronome  Method / Callback   Description  startRhythmPlayer   Enables the virtual metronome.  stopRhythmPlayer   Disables the virtual metronome.  configRhythmPlayer   Configures the virtual metronome.  onRhythmPlayerStateChanged   Occurs when the state of virtual metronome changes.  Media player  For more methods about the media player, see   IMediaPlayer .  Method / Callback   Description  createMediaPlayer   Creates a media player object.  getMediaPlayerCacheManager   Gets one   IMediaPlayerCacheManager   instance.  IMediaPlayer   This class provides media player functions and supports multiple instances.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   11/16

Method / Callback   Description  IMediaPlayerCacheManager   This class provides methods to manage cached media files.  IMediaPlayerObserver   Provides callbacks for media players.  Media player cache  Method / Callback   Description  enableAutoRemoveCache   Sets whether to delete cached media files automatically.  removeAllCaches   Deletes all cached media files in the media player.  removeCacheByUri   Deletes a cached media file.  removeOldCache   Deletes a cached media file that is the least recently used.  setCacheDir   Sets the storage path for the media files that you want to cache.  setMaxCacheFileCount   Sets the maximum number of media files that can be cached.  setMaxCacheFileSize   Sets the maximum size of the aggregate storage space for cached media files.  getCacheDir   Gets the storage path of the cached media files.  getCacheFileCount   Gets the number of media files that are cached.  getMaxCacheFileCount   Gets the maximum number of media files that can be cached.  getMaxCacheFileSize   Gets the maximum size of the aggregate storage space for cached media files.  onPlayerCacheStats   Reports the statistics of the media file being cached.  Channel media stream relay  Method / Callback   Description  startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay   Starts relaying media streams across channels or updates channels for media relay.  startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx   Starts relaying media streams across channels or updates channels for media relay.  stopChannelMediaRelay   Stops the media stream relay. Once the relay stops, the host quits all the target channels.  stopChannelMediaRelayEx   Stops the media stream relay. Once the relay stops, the host quits all the target channels.  pauseAllChannelMediaRelay   Pauses the media stream relay to all target channels.  pauseAllChannelMediaRelayEx   Pauses the media stream relay to all target channels.  resumeAllChannelMediaRelay   Resumes the media stream relay to all target channels.  resumeAllChannelMediaRelayEx   Resumes the media stream relay to all target channels.  onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged   Occurs when the state of the media stream relay changes.  Media push  Method / Callback   Description  startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding   Starts pushing media streams to a CDN without transcoding.  startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscodingEx   Starts pushing media streams to a CDN without transcoding.  startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding   Starts Media Push and sets the transcoding configuration.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   12/16

Method / Callback   Description  startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx   Starts Media Push and sets the transcoding configuration.  updateRtmpTranscoding   Updates the transcoding configuration.  updateRtmpTranscodingEx   Updates the transcoding configuration.  stopRtmpStream   Stops pushing media streams to a CDN.  stopRtmpStreamEx   Stops pushing media streams to a CDN.  onRtmpStreamingEvent   Reports events during the Media Push.  onRtmpStreamingStateChanged   Occurs when the state of Media Push changes.  onTranscodingUpdated   Occurs when the publisher's transcoding is updated.  Pushing streams to a CDN directly  Method / Callback   Description  startDirectCdnStreaming   Starts pushing media streams to the CDN directly.  stopDirectCdnStreaming   Stops pushing media streams to the CDN directly.  setDirectCdnStreamingAudioConfiguration   Sets the audio profile of the audio streams directly pushed to the CDN by the host.  setDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration   Sets the video profile of the media streams directly pushed to the CDN by the host.  onDirectCdnStreamingStateChanged   Occurs when the CDN streaming state changes.  onDirectCdnStreamingStats   Reports the CDN streaming statistics.  Data stream  Method / Callback   Description  createDataStream [1/2]   Creates a data stream.  createDataStream [2/2]   Creates a data stream.  createDataStreamEx [2/2]   Creates a data stream.  sendStreamMessage   Sends data stream messages.  onStreamMessage   Occurs when the local user receives the data stream from the remote user.  onStreamMessageError   Occurs when the local user does not receive the data stream from the remote user.  Metadata (SEI)  Method / Callback   Description  registerMediaMetadataObserver   Registers the metadata observer.  unregisterMediaMetadataObserver   Unregisters the specified metadata observer.  onReadyToSendMetadata   Occurs when the SDK is ready to send metadata.  onMetaData   Occurs when the media metadata is received.  onMetadataReceived   Occurs when the local user receives the metadata.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   13/16

Audio route  Method / Callback   Description  setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone   Sets the default audio playback route.  setEnableSpeakerphone   Enables/Disables the audio route to the speakerphone.  setRouteInCommunicationMode   Selects the audio playback route in communication audio mode.  isSpeakerphoneEnabled   Checks whether the speakerphone is enabled.  onAudioRouteChanged   Occurs when the local audio route changes.  Video Device Management  Method / Callback   Description  switchCamera [1/2]   Switches between front and rear cameras.  switchCamera [2/2]   Switches cameras by camera ID.  setCameraCapturerConfiguration   Sets the camera capture configuration.  isCameraZoomSupported   Checks whether the device supports camera zoom.  getCameraMaxZoomFactor   Gets the maximum zoom ratio supported by the camera.  setCameraZoomFactor   Sets the camera zoom factor.  isCameraTorchSupported   Checks whether the device supports camera flash.  setCameraTorchOn   Enables the camera flash.  isCameraFaceDetectSupported   Checks whether the device camera supports face detection.  isCameraFocusSupported   Check whether the device supports the manual focus function.  isCameraExposureSupported   Queries whether the current camera supports adjusting exposure value.  setCameraExposureFactor   Sets the camera exposure value.  setCameraFocusPositionInPreview   Sets the camera manual focus position.  isCameraAutoFocusFaceModeSupported   Checks whether the device supports the face auto-focus function.  setCameraAutoFocusFaceModeEnabled   Enables the camera auto-face focus function.  isCameraExposurePositionSupported   Checks whether the device supports manual exposure.  setCameraExposurePosition   Sets the camera exposure position.  onCameraFocusAreaChanged   Occurs when the camera focus area changes.  onCameraExposureAreaChanged   Occurs when the camera exposure area changes.  queryCameraFocalLengthCapability   Queries the focal length capability supported by the camera.  queryCodecCapability   Queries the video codec capabilities of the SDK.  Audio Device Management  Method / Callback   Description  startPlaybackDeviceTest   Starts the audio playback device test.  stopPlaybackDeviceTest   Stops the audio playback device test.  startRecordingDeviceTest   Starts the audio capturing device test.  stopRecordingDeviceTest   Stops the audio capturing device test.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   14/16

Method / Callback   Description  getAudioDeviceInfo   Gets the audio device information.  Extension  Method / Callback   Description  addExtension   Adds the extension.  registerExtension   Registers an extension.  enableExtension   Enables or disables extensions.  getExtensionProperty [1/2]   Gets detailed information on the extensions.  getExtensionProperty [2/2]   Gets detailed information on the extensions.  setExtensionProperty   Sets the properties of the extension.  setExtensionProviderProperty   Sets the properties of the extension provider.  onStartedWithContext   Occurs when the extension is enabled.  onStoppedWithContext   Occurs when the extension is disabled.  onEventWithContext   The event callback of the extension.  onErrorWithContext   Occurs when the extension runs incorrectly.  Network and others  Method / Callback   Description  startEchoTest   Starts an audio device loopback test.  stopEchoTest   Stops the audio call test.  startLastmileProbeTest   Starts the last mile network probe test.  stopLastmileProbeTest   Stops the last mile network probe test.  onLastmileQuality   Reports the last-mile network quality of the local user.  onLastmileProbeResult   Reports the last mile network probe result.  getCurrentMonotonicTimeInMs   Gets the current Monotonic Time of the SDK.  queryDeviceScore   Queries device score.  setCloudProxy   Sets up cloud proxy service.  setParameters   Provides technical preview functionalities or special customizations by configuring the SDK with JSON options.  getCallId   Retrieves the call ID.  getCallIdEx   Gets the call ID with the connection ID.  isFeatureAvailableOnDevice   Checks whether the device supports the specified advanced feature.  rate   Allows a user to rate a call after the call ends.  complain   Allows a user to complain about the call quality after a call ends.  getConnectionState   Gets the current connection state of the SDK.  getConnectionStateEx   Gets the current connection state of the SDK.  getSdkVersion   Gets the SDK version.  getErrorDescription   Gets the warning or error description.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   15/16

Method / Callback   Description  getNativeHandle   Gets the C++ handle of the Native SDK.  addHandler   Adds event handlers.  removeHandler   Removes the specified IRtcEngineEventHandler instance.  getNetworkType   Gets the type of the local network connection.  getNtpWallTimeInMs   Gets the current NTP (Network Time Protocol) time.  enableEncryption   Enables or disables the built-in encryption.  enableEncryptionEx   Enables or disables the built-in encryption.  sendCustomReportMessage   Reports customized messages.  sendCustomReportMessageEx   Agora supports reporting and analyzing customized messages.  setRemoteSubscribeFallbackOption [2/2]   Sets the fallback option for the subscribed video stream based on the network conditions.  onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly   Occurs when the remote media stream falls back to the audio-only stream due to poor network conditions or switches back to the video stream after the network conditions improve.  onEncryptionError   Reports the built-in encryption errors.  onProxyConnected   Reports the proxy connection state.  onMultipathStats   Callback for multipath transmission statistics.  onNetworkQuality   Reports the last mile network quality of each user in the channel.  onRtcStats   Reports the statistics about the current call.  onPermissionError   Occurs when the SDK cannot get the device permission.  2026/1/9 18:28   API Overview  https://api-ref.agora.io/en/voice-sdk/android/4.x/API/rtc_api_overview.html   16/16